auto-docs: Update property docs for tag v25.3.6 (#1559)
redpanda-data/docs: modules/reference/partials/properties/cluster-properties.adoc

=== iceberg_default_catalog_namespace

ifndef::env-cloud[]
*Introduced in v25.3.5*
endif::[]

The default namespace (database name) for Iceberg tables. All tables created by Redpanda will be placed in this namespace within the Iceberg catalog. Supports nested namespaces as an array of strings.

> IMPORTANT: This value must be configured before enabling Iceberg and must not be changed afterward. Changing it will cause Redpanda to lose track of existing tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: You must configure this value before enabling Iceberg, and it must not be changed subsequently. Changing it will cause Redpanda to lose track of existing tables.
```
